attention the following video is going
to totally kick ass if you enjoy any of
it and/or have a large penis please
click the like button below
enjoy oh shit we got three people from
the same dude I love repetition Ricky
when you go to you should welcome to a
couple dancing and then tap the guy in
the shoulder and say this is the part
where I fucker bitch you guys think I
can get this through I want to give a
big shout out to the heart of the cards
right now really help me a friend I
don't think you might have to feel like
this
our little cards landed it yeah I'll
pick it up man I'll try to pick it up
all right thanks this car is actually
trying to pick it up you see that thank
you sir I appreciate it
oh yeah how about at me that guy's mad
at me look this guy's seriously mad at
me he's trying to fight me he's right on
my radar
all because he crashing alive I'm gonna
heat his ask somebody plowed into my car
with a giant c-130 just in complete
shock
I'm dead what are you doing what the
fuck man I'm talking about I'm just
climbing on this plane wings plane
dumbass alert there ain't no plate in
here man
holy shit my balls on your head I had so
many wrong buttons but it deserved it
I'm sorry man hey guys that's all this
thing on this movie where this guy went
off a ramp and this other guy jumped
over the car you guys should drive off
this ramp down here and I'm gonna jump
over you all right good sounds like a
great idea
you're my hold sidearms don't shoot my
gat can speedy it might be to date all
right stop drop and roll no I mean I
guess in a way blocks are you okay dude
I've been drinking a lot tonight kind of
like okay hello gentlemen how was your
day how is your day going today I'm here
for the Hollywood doors what was that
how are you all survived oh you're good
I'm the tour guide III run limos during
the day and tour guides at night so I'm
your guide for the day so have you guys
already paid the the 649 99 yeah we felt
was a little stupidity worth it since
you're allowed to drink on the ride yes
yeah yeah drinking is actually
encouraged on today's tour it I wanted
to stress that it's very important to me
that you guys actually do drink during
the tours it actually enhances the
experience so if you guys find the the
safety the waivers that were attached to
the to the bill we sure did yeah okay
great are you drinking Tom I yeah that's
actually it's it's in my contract it's
no big deal
wait you're gonna be driving yeah yeah
totally gonna be driving but I like them
hey you're doing good man well lotta
girl shirts too
you guys ready well here just let me
look one more just hold on
should I continue drinking looks like
we're having some technical difficulties
here stop so our first tour stops gon go
ahead and get back in well as you can
see on the right here you will see water
flow hydrogen and oxygen infusion
billboard that's actually on a building
that has nothing to do with that this is
actually just a shitty bank that closed
down in 92 so there's a few homeless
people that live in the bottom floor
they actually manufacture
methamphetamines on the third floor it's
my favorite spots here we're gonna go
ahead and take a right here on the sand
Boulevard I found that sir please get
back into paddle
okay it looks like we have attracted the
attention of the authorities here don't
worry I'm in good with the local PD so
if we get pulled over we should be fine
take a left here to goob Maui
no I that's fine so okay right here if
you look on your left you can see we are
in front of pitchers on Vinewood
basically they run a nice story about
being a bar and a lap dancing club but
actually or this okay well yes likes to
get in get ahead America get in G this
is my tour now bitch as her thank god
guess what you can do you can suck my
big ol fat dick shit I like about dick
bitches
like my motherfucking dick I got a stick
I'll show you what a dick is you set up
a bitches checkout it fucking show your
dick get the fuck out